## Web Tables

The folder contains code to reproduce results from Web Tables 1 - 7.

* [Web Table 1](https://github.com/ChiaraDG/MultivariateODS_LMM/tree/main/Simulation%20Studies/Web%20Tables/Web%20Table%201):  The folder contains the code to generate the results for Scenario (a) under an alternative specification of the variance-covariance matrix associated with the random effect. The simulation aims to show the validity of the multiple imputation approach under a different variance structure. To run the simulation load the scripts `ACML.R`, `DatGenFunBiv.R`and `FitImputeMI.R`reported [here](https://github.com/ChiaraDG/MultivariateODS_LMM/tree/main/Simulation%20Studies), load the `setupBiv.R` script in the **Web Table 1** folder, and run the code in `runBiv.R` script in the **Web Table 1** folder. For all the covariates included in the model, the resulting table will contain the 1) estimated coefficients, 2) estimated variance, 2) indicator variable looking at whether the 95% confidence interval contains the true parameter value.

* [Web Tables 2 & 3](https://github.com/ChiaraDG/MultivariateODS_LMM/tree/main/Simulation%20Studies/Web%20Tables/Web%20Tables%202%20%26%203): The folder contains the code to generate the results for Scenario (a) presented in Web Tables 2 & 3. The simulation aims to show the validity of the multiple imputation approach when we change the number of iterations used to generate the complete data. To run the simulation, for m = 5 iterations (Web Table 2) load the scripts `ACML.R`, `DatGenFunBiv.R`and `FitImputeMI.R`reported [here](https://github.com/ChiaraDG/MultivariateODS_LMM/tree/main/Simulation%20Studies), load the `setup5.R` script in the **Web Tables 2 & 3** folder, and run the code in `runBiv.R` script in the **Web Tables 2 & 3** folder. Similarly, to run the simulation, for m = 20 iterations (Web Table 3) load the scripts `ACML.R`, `DatGenFunBiv.R`and `FitImputeMI.R`reported here, load the `setup20.R` script in the **Web Tables 2 & 3** folder, and run the code in `runBiv.R` script in the **Web Tables 2 & 3** folder. For all the covariates included in the model, the resulting table will contain the 1) estimated coefficients, 2) estimated variance, 2) indicator variable looking at whether the 95% confidence interval contains the true parameter value.

* [Web Table 4](https://github.com/ChiaraDG/MultivariateODS_LMM/tree/main/Simulation%20Studies/Web%20Tables/Web%20Table%204): The folder contains the code to generate the results for Scenario (b) presented in Web Table 4. The simulation aims to show the validity and efficiency of the designs and inference procedures when we increase the correlation between the expensive exposure and the confounders. To run the simulation, load the scripts `ACML.R`, `DatGenFunBiv.R`and `FitImputeMI.R`reported [here](https://github.com/ChiaraDG/MultivariateODS_LMM/tree/main/Simulation%20Studies), load the `setupBiv.R` script in the **Web Table 4** folder, and run the code in `runBiv.R` script in the **Web Table 4** folder. For all the covariates included in the model, the resulting table will contain the 1) estimated coefficients, 2) estimated variance, 2) indicator variable looking at whether the 95% confidence interval contains the true parameter value.

* [Web Table 5](https://github.com/ChiaraDG/MultivariateODS_LMM/blob/main/Simulation%20Studies/Web%20Tables/Web%20Table%205/setupBiv.R): The folder contains the code to generate the results for Scenario (c) presented in Web Table 5. The simulation aims to show the validity and efficiency of the designs and inference procedures under a more extreme two-phase design. To run the simulation, load the scripts `ACML.R`, `DatGenFunBiv.R`and `FitImputeMI.R`reported [here](https://github.com/ChiaraDG/MultivariateODS_LMM/tree/main/Simulation%20Studies), load the `setupBiv.R` script in the **Web Table 5** folder, and run the code in `runBiv.R` script in the **Web Table 5** folder. For all the covariates included in the model, the resulting table will contain the 1) estimated coefficients, 2) estimated variance, 2) indicator variable looking at whether the 95% confidence interval contains the true parameter value.

* [Web Table 6](https://github.com/ChiaraDG/MultivariateODS_LMM/blob/main/Simulation%20Studies/Web%20Tables/Web%20Table%206/setupBiv.R): The folder contains the code to generate the results for Scenario (d) presented in Web Table 5. The simulation aims to show the validity and efficiency of the designs and inference procedures when we increased the correlation between the outcome and the confounders. To run the simulation, load the scripts `ACML.R`, `DatGenFunBiv.R`and `FitImputeMI.R`reported [here](https://github.com/ChiaraDG/MultivariateODS_LMM/tree/main/Simulation%20Studies), load the `setupBiv.R` script in the **Web Table 6** folder, and run the code in `runBiv.R` script in the **Web Table 6** folder. For all the covariates included in the model, the resulting table will contain the 1) estimated coefficients, 2) estimated variance, 2) indicator variable looking at whether the 95% confidence interval contains the true parameter value.

* [Web Table 7](https://github.com/ChiaraDG/MultivariateODS_LMM/tree/main/Simulation%20Studies/Web%20Tables/Web%20Table%207): The folder contains code used to gnerate Web Table 7. The table shows the relative efficiency of the proposed designs and/or inference procedure compared to simple random sampling with maximum likelihood. To be able to reproduce the table, results from Scenario (a), (b), (c) and (d) need to be available. Once the user as the data generated from all the simulation running `tableRE.R` generates Web Table 7.
